
As content matures, Author links will be replaced by convenient Reader links.  Also, standard Report sections will emerge and styling will strive to follow the WikiPedia and the TenChapters ( 0-9 ) quidelines.


- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas
  - these QLs can span repos in order to rationalize relative Priorities
    - a merged Priorities list likely has more value
      - confirm such an interleaved list of Priorities is helpful
    - try creating a separate file that can be attached to a PR
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#CivicAtlasQl
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas.md
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#APIdevelopmentConsiderations

* when should more folders be added to this repo?
  * Text block creation and Permission Management are likely to be the determining forces.
    * this may be a duplicated item

## 2025-08:
...

- start linking to subTitles

### 2025-08-03: ...
...

<hr>

### 2025-05-14: resumption after an AiHiatus

# 2023:
##
* refine ExportImport methods
  * consider PsH based solutions for now
  * review the new Git desktop capabilities
  * review Git tutorials for Build refinements
* review https://github.com/ergusto/xememex-style-guide

# 2022 Initiation
* create PRs to make this the proper repo

## Wip-main
* A Public W(ork) i(n) p(rogress) that is being slowly bootstrapped.
* * the fact that this is a public repository suggests that there could also be a Public Slack channel for AdManCa
* * * should AdManCa and DigCa be kept separated?
* * seemed to work, so further enhancements will be transferrd into this environment as they finish their Private test cycles

## 2025-02:
...
    
- This month has been broken down into three "decimal fortnights" as follows
  - specifically: ... 2025-02-09 2025-02-19 2025-02-29
    - use quickLinks rather than restructuring the page
      - note: growth in comments as a result of ...Fo change(s)
- Pester for the Loom demo
  - ...
- Confirm prettyLinks are functional and that the prior problem is now resolved.

* RichardC focus during -09-
  * finalize offer
    * perhaps just a registration Portal
      * test the abilitity to do "targeted revisions based on "stale" data
        * this should be baseec on GeoSpatial capabilities
          * just a Yes/No response - Privacy - registered user Alerts  re change - like Business Registration
            * MailFail notification feed can be generated
* try to integrate the RstT VeryTrue concepts
  * this is likely a duplicated item

### 2025-02-09:
- setup the additional Sponsorships
  - explain this to TA
    - verify that Boast tools will capture needed information effectively
      - discuss this with Dpl as post of expanded EdD for workLoad reduction and enhanced Training
        - should Dani or Serge be engaged next?
          - communication should start with Dani
            - confirm Hlh < LzH
- trigger another Ask of "your CoPilot"

- it is likely that a much larger ConText submission will be neede to make the Bots effective
  - consider using a separate google docsFile (as opposed to DgH)
    - test this as a shared (via permissions) input
      - at least claude should be okay - confirm this
        - note the possible re-work will consume resources
          - this could be minimized according to reported procedures
            - test these
  - first try using DgH as a source for small snippets like this
    - perhaps " PiecemealContext "

### 2025-02-19:
- re(find) the prettyLinks markup
  - ...
- resume Convention work
  - at the start of 2025-02
    - rename 2025- to 2025-.mm ??
  - confirm the number of 2025-01 headings & resolve as needed
    - this edit is outside of an active PR.  Does that trigger Conflicts to resolve?
  - determine if OnTheList should become a separate RePo
    - assume so for the moment and work towards that goal
      - this assumption should ease my initial use of RAG

### 2025-02-28:
- the "3XtheSumOfLowers" (for shading still seems to work
  - Can this be verified with existing documentation?
    - if not: continue experiments
    - if so: carryOn
  - it seems to take a lot of edits to test this theory

- open a final PR for this month and, ideally, merge it.


<hr>

## 2025-01:
-29: discussed EdD refinements with LsH
  - strive for 600k rather than 300k
    - use boast ...
      - automated to the extent possible & managed via LzT

#### 2025-01-05

### these notes need to evolve more rapidly

- the prospect of merging CurbSide's location functions MwsTech.Authentication functions is increasingly appealing
  - SqLite is a contender to the extent that Jr wants to move TW's infrastructure into that environment ultimately.
    - application changes will be needed
      - Els is optimitic about the new Capabilities Jr has proposed
    - AAs work could exopedite this development
  - DplT: do we have a corporate repo?
    - if so, can access to some of its components be restricted?
    - ...

- re-schedule the Authentication Architecture discussion until after OnTheList progress is obvious.
  - no question that it is necessary, but when I choose to support the development a matter for SoWs
    - workDetails workTiming workCosts paymentTerms ...

- use https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#TaRole
- review the folder structure
  - ensure adequate notes re moving files into folders
    - print the existing material
      - co-ordinate the Paper and Electronic files - indexing should be merged
        - this may need additional intermediate pages (files)
          - at least as long as I persist in Pulse mthodologies
            - rather than progressing to off-line updates
    - update the Conference presentation
      - stay aware of the need for a Vision that encompasses:
        - RoC - Federally and for Cities
          - EaCa
        - plead the need - driven by Going... > Growing < RevEng < OPM
 
      - Client/Customer needs do need to be addressed
        - this may be part of the NFP debate
          - which should likely be addressed at DebateGraph
            - after some initial assessments of the two different ConText(s)
      - VbM needs
      - Telephone voting needs
        - indigenous - with SJ ?
          - discuss LsHw
            - I.P. ?
   
  - competition has been a driver but NeverAgain needs more resources
    - Chicken and Egg bootstrapping is likely
  - budgeting refinements are needed to manage cash pulses
- also needed for improved Governance / ReviewEngagement
  - ...


### 2025-01
- completion of OneToronto move

#### done:
- fetch the fileCabinetRailBars 


## 2025-11:
...

- 2025-11-01 is the start of F2026


## 2025-12:

###### Tn
- use https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#tn
  - make this a prettyLink
    - avoid the tabOpening
  
- consider:
  - dscuss this with Katie@Boast
    - ideally their "on-going' methodology will be able to reduce the needs to myThoughts and LzWrangling
      - ensure an adequate discussion of Fees and Charges
        - bear in mind the benefits of Defence, in the event of Challenge
          - check the fine-print for limitations
            - should this be done as a second (trial) project?
  
- set up CharsH.favs file within GitHub, containing
  - most significant 
  - most frequently used
  - most needed reminders
  - sharedWith: { might be postedTt )

##### TaRole
...

- TA's role as of 2025-01
    - GIS data lib interfaces
      - try to find an example in Jeremy's tests
        - focus on the LaLo issues
    - interfacing GitHub & Azure
    - SqLite uses - especially if entertwined with GIS 
  - review prior emails
 
  - I may have to craft this as a short SoW that ...
    - leads to an intermediate and ...
      - then a final one ...
    - review the community posts

<hr>

## 2024-12:
...

- slowly working through the Desktop implementation to ensure all is installed adequately on thie new system.
  - will start with the NotePad editor
  - continue working in this repo since it is relatively unclutter
    - interface/integrate the GISTs sooner rather than later
      - verified Save counts - all seems well
     
- add quickLinks
  - find an exemplary instance
    - strive to craft a separate file/page
     - via a PR
      - make adequate Notes
- morph this in ways that encourage convergance
  - testing 3 X theSum of lower values - as a shading test
    - observe when the next shading drop happens to determine the lower limit
      - this may be based on a comparison of the shadings given current vision issues
        - progress may be even slower during the recovery period of a month
          - strive avoid over-planning this
- consider https://github.com/features/copilot/extensions
 
## 2024-11:

- review the AnJoTt material
  - print it ; then post at DgH
    - craft Audience previews that chainLink the pages and cluster them
      - these can include bubbleViews & pageViews as well as Notes.
        - encourage the use of comments
          - suggest the use of other RePos
            - especially if they improve PDF support
- push ahead with this development since it is a valuable part of the bootstrapping process
  -try applying this new knowledge to the GISTs
    - try another PR mow that the 50 changes level is attained
  - observe the relative focus indicators
    - check the TomaA Prs
      - it may be easier to judge the colors by comparing those in the annualSummary
        - try a 2:1 ratio of updates (for color significance)
          - explore the 2 X lower sum edits
            - one last greaterThan edit
              - deferring further tests of this theory
      - It may be more effective to stay focused on the 2nd repo since the current assumption is that the 1st is based on the sum of the subordinates.  Monitor the wrapping of this longer text block.
   
- balance RoC & IVI focus
  - how does EaQu collect revisions and update adresses
    - CPC NcOa
      - InnovaPost role - at this time
        - Deloitte - must divest / GaryP
    - CB verification
      - Primary
        - exclusive -at least for elections
      - Secondary
        - need both bureaux
     - realTime versus batch will be a factor
     - Subject ExpressConsent should be a feature
       - term should match our Contract duration
    - over-papping sources are preferable
      - clarify the appeal(s)


   
  - OnTheList.EaOn may be an effective starting point.
    - test this with
      - DfCaT - TerryP
      - LsT
        - DaniT - resolve working Relationship(s) choices after LsH chat(s)
      - LzT
     - AddToPin is a shortcut to revenue
           
- exploit Ai more effectively
  - Audience Tailored written summaries could help
    - beter ConText definitions are needed
  - Assume Forgivness, without Permission delays, unless concensus iss really needed
    - craft Notes that explain the governing logic
      - "rank" the intended Audiences
      - "time' the anticipated Audience - to build increasing Awareness & Understanding
      - "position" (in the AWareness) of intenbded Audience
      - "Queue" all others for future use. (Queue growth shoulld be managed/mitigated via the 10 standard TimePeriods
      - 'space' ( 'place' ) will be a functions of needToBeAt, so also ...
    - AI should aid in the maintenance of this microContent
      - consider, test, and confirm the ways to automate this
  - confirm the value of the BraveBrowser
- ...


### 2024-11 Topics:
...

<hr>
## 2024-10:

###### Tt

- preliminary EaOn reactions are quite encouraging for IVI
  - review the DS draft V0.1.0
    - it may be beneficial to cite the Authors of the first draft and the contributors
      - linkedToHere From DgH
        - discuss nextSteps with Dani
  - review the last DsH submission
    - decide on ways to build momentum, whilst avoiding premature Statements of Direction.
      - can this be done my building on initial responses such as Greg's?
- consider the implications of the apparent color changes
- position for 2024-11
  - an Early ('25 call will $ timing impacts)
  - 
 
- encourage Lz to 'wrangle' this - at least with Els
  - suggested HlH & Penny demo
    - get Penny's opinion - while Els is still engaged
  - trivial simple timesheets that must be completed
    - I could initiate this with SoW Milestones
      - do updates maintain indents automatically?
        - apparently not.
    - strive for a single interaction UI
      - there could be an advantage to adopting a WayF ( DfWay )
  - the edits to the currentPrimary file over-power the shading ( effectively demoting the middle level )
    - this was easilt recover with a single additional edit
   
  -  <hr>

- Excel dataQuality reviews via Toma
  - "MWS" > Azure promotion(s) structured
    - consider a Pause until DplT-11- availability ...
      - let Els suggest when he thinks MWS is is an effective integration
        - h: data loss from tablet use may be a good reason
  - GIS library links per JrH - but not via Ta
    - TaContinuanceChallenge
      - subcontract the dev work for better value
        - I will always want to assume the sub-contract fir technical training for R&D
          - but Jr passions (open source libraries of Data and Tools ) may be more efficient
            - ( I was not expecting CaDfQss )
        - Architecture (expensive) collaboration may need to look like an advisor role.
          - perhaps even a SevenCos role

- OnTheList - needs even more emphasis
  - position this via Updates to reflect relative importance
    - delay JkwTnChats until Dani responds
  - scope will be impacted by Funding
    - stress a Decade of IFS funding (2 Events) for the 2030s
      - embraces the completed Standards work and preempts it
  = ask about progress and how it should be reported 


- consider Ideas from: BotHww.UniCode
  - link via myGIST(s)
    - learn
 
  - AskPoeT: Summarize 3. Introduction ; 3.4 Background.Summary leading to ... progress
    - Asks Inventory: ( ... )


<hr>
PulseAggregation for ...

- ...
- keep monitoring the Pulse induced ColorChanges
  - does it appear at 30+ ?  Now to see.
    - larger editCounts should reveal the impact more easily
 - TnT: Test links to other repos more extensively now that more integration is emerging.

<hr>

- GistShare:
  - ...
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#h6
  - prettyfy this link
  - strive for a much lower PulseH
- list the Canadian centres of research that are recognized as being the most advanced in Quantum Computing
  - first response show UoW as a global leader
    - get a better understanding of the IP sharing arrangements
  - is this a better mthodology than the use of EndNotes ?

<hr>

## TtT: 2024-09:
- Focus on :
  - ( Am I )"OnTheList" via GIS ; make this a PR ; Project with MileStones
    - divergence of Eon & Eca boundaries make the edge cases very interesting
      - quantify the Revisions impacts: ( Labour, ... )
    - this is likely a portend of a Spring event
      - that will need dramatic changes in WayD
        - Discuss the possible implications with DplT since we used to do this for cities
          - we can always do it for Subjects, as their Agents
            - ...
    - craft a *.md for enhanced formatting

<hr>

## TtT: 2024-08: 
  - push for a Leader(ship) team - perhaps with 7pennies
    - seriously communicated via an email reply to Andrea that copied Lisa.
      - but perhaps not effectively given an obvious protection layer
  - re-deploy time to QCC preparations via BotForecasts
    - Context: WavesOfChange Charles Lecht ; ComputersInThe1980s RienTurn(?) ; ClubOfRome
      - stage this at DebateGraph since that can be an AskLaunchPad ( at least for some BotsH )
    - make this part of BotDEv training
      - draw.io ?
   
- Automated & (senior) Manual testing may be mandatory
  - Regression Testing is sorely needed to conserve time 
    -  2025-04-01 is the expected readiness date
   
  - R.E. attributes for improved .f(ind) processing
    - Sales emphasis may need to preceed Branding
      - Sales should drive Marketing.
        - first Marketing activity should be proposed cohort defininitions
          - consider defining this by the "MoveReasons" insights
            - AiHw: Initial versus ultimate marketing Goals
              - in Novice ( a first Levels of Expertise ) terms

     - this should be driven by OnTheList via CurbSide, with embedded AI and YouTube Context sensitive Help
      - YourDataForOnTheListChecks may help
        - try promoting this with a Bot
          - consider BotViewsOnLocalRealEstate
- cite this work - hosted at DebateGraph

  - AgentsInArea
    - by (most listings) Agent
      - Buyer's Markets (Jason has the Buyers .com)
        -  BarbaraCorcoran - DragonsDen
      - Seller's Markets 
       - ...
- feed Bots for a centralized Summary of GitWork
  - perhaps stored in DebateGraph - DgH
  
<hr>

- to maintain a GoalsH focus, Bots must correctly pick productive components that fit into the next available timePeriod
  - This will likely be an optimization of Rewar/Cost ...
    - .. within a ConText of Need, Dependencies, UrgencyOfNeed ...
      - .. P.QrSt
- try https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe/7a4d8d176befab700cd1271172b55f6b
  _ <script src="https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe/7a4d8d176befab700cd1271172b55f6b.js"></script>
  - this seems effective enough to warrant an additional investment of time
 
- BdcTalks
  - W. + boss talks
    - offer to meet in Waterloo
      - explain why I am there in a comforting way
  - Risk mitigation & Valuation
  - Term Sheet
- move HaverSine notes into Mws.Wiki
- ...

- 08-03: try using a Project structure to interleave these effectively
  - discuss this with Toma as a TwDev SoW that can prow up in a GitHub context
    - find the JrToH email pointing to the TomaPr
- 08-02: discussed using a modified CurbSide with HELP improvents

  <hr>

## TtT: 2024-07: 
- -27: extend this into the CL version(s)
  - consider using Chat for this
  - also try chat to populate the text of various DebateGraph pages
- -24: evaluate AiGit as a way to generate my Git posts
  - -27: consider moving this comment to another repo
- -23: review NameRules in the contexts of Pages of EndNotes
  - should these be PDFs for DiigoH filing
    - is Ai... sufficiently reliable?
      - test with POE
- -22: decide how to propogate the ChatTw hybrid work
  - ...
- -19: ( Chat.?shared.? CurbSide ... )LzT AjT HwW 
- -07-18: test PromptSharing for LzT ; HuggingFace access
- -07-17: PDFs (via Chat) may be effective, so devise a test
  - work with GeoSpatial
    - try introducing Haversine and Rays
      - use DebateGraph for its HTML
- -07-15: continue to allow Deprecation and GracefulDegradation
  -10: craft an effective link
   -09: experimenting with DefinitiveChoice
  - .tn: could be  useful
- -08: LadiesDinner / LzT
- -07-05: aJo re mkt Names decisions
  - ?? MiniTeam /?
    - try driving this with Teams/Plan(s)
- 07-03: Introduce Dl & Bp on -07-04

- 2024-06-26: Chat is starting to displace other WaysH
    - this will likely rejuvenate TheArray
  - 06-23: resumed Focus, noting that DiigoH can process this raw GitHub markup in a useful manner
    - -24: restructuring this page  is a growing need
      - test the idea of removing content to DiigoH pages or gDocs
        - this should be easy via gKeep
    - investigate Data Pipelines further
  - 06-20: started iterative miniTeam discussions, that may endure until 260630
    - noted the LzT pressure in favor of Data Quality analysis sooner.
    - initial agreement regarding "work flow" concepts - especially through our increasingly complex infrastructures.
  - 06-18: project management challenges are increasingly important
    - co-ordinating the interactions of the proposed miniTeams is essential
      - confirm DiigoH can use the main Gists page
  - 06-17: now have Tw/Azure working
    - dnDrop and Bag designs are increasingly important.
    - work on a paragraph Fork
  - 06-15:
    - SysH refinements WORKed
    - print improved
    - incomming call notifications 
  - 06-14: announced that e.on triggers a re-plan of DIG ... AdMan
    - this will cause a re-organization of Teams and inter-team communications
      - Motivations 
  
- TnT:
  - Jr wants other domainNames(s)
    - push for YourData (.net & . org )use
      - ask Dpl for other suggestions
        - send a chat MonDay - offering help - perhaps suggesting your data (which can be transferred to RnA)
  - RePlan for recent developments
    - apply daily PulseH updates until the top Topic emphasis is reduced
      - progress with microsoft Mail is apparent
        - Archive subfolders are promising
  - Toma interface with Sonny
    - 0529: \0523: to what extent does Lz need to be involved in the upload process
        - this .tn \.tt syntax seems effective.
      - just to request the area and frequencey & to do payments? 
    - 0517: de-dup progress ?
      - 0524: demo the rudimentary SORT(s) to Dpl for self-service customers.
        - bind this to the software developments for preferred hardware since that is appealling
          - check with ...fish re the unexpected hardware ask
    - 0503:
      - recording notes ? Review the submitted Minutes
      - seems quite effective but needs testing.
      - IP concerns raised as a central control issue by Jr.  Ciunters include
        - just dominate .ca
        - join powers of GeoSpatial should be adequate to draw Talent & Skills
        - economies of scale
        - first mover advantage
  - extend BagLz via  TwH
    - DnDrop of newer tids should be adequate
  - Agendas for all
    - Ls( SeqU CipoCa Valsoft ValuationTn )
    - LsChatTn: response to Penny
    - revert to Xememex for strategies is underway
  - prepare for:
      - Terry
        - 0415: talk to Gary directly after PP announcment
          - $ chat
        - 0330: chat with Gary - update post BDC meet
  - ( NounB ) Casey

  - WikiPedia integrity is waning
    - test access to the TiddlyWiki page I edited
      - or another in which a added to the Talk section

- "Preponderance of Evidence"
- refactor for common use
  - try Project views so they can be linked better - length refactoring should be effective - PulseUpdates should become more meaningful
- $+ ( .mo/.fo/.we bondsBuy )DanS 
- $- TomaA
- prepare for the next inPerson meeting
  - identify more WalkThru(s) & WalkAbout(s)
- potential Topics:
  - Roles: ...
    - Leads
      - A Penny for ( Cities ) thoughts
    - Jobs
      - dataLoads & tableMerges - starting with TomaA <> JrHw
  - Dg:Agenda
    - considerations: Penny WiiFms @ Yyz level ; CaTn ; rbcFg ; valSoft ;
      - Yyz Contingencies ?
        current LeeT >  Chair?
        - ex Woodstock
        - personDb
        - schoolBoards
    - DataIntegrity may become an umbrella for the Data*.ca group of companies
      - SubjectRights
      - sevenPennies
  - https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#2024-quicklinks
- There may need to be separate Projects at least for CurbSide and AdManCa.
  -  AdManOn & AdManYyz need to be planned
    - they should likely evolve into PRs that can be scheduled and manipulated as objects  
    - start this within the existing Projects, but plan to fork/spawn
      - consider 3rd party FullStack work - but only if it adds value by Hosting Data - ideally in SqLite
        - Compare the $ productivity and rates as an indicator of Value
        - Jr "OS" work may need to be gated by Demo pressures
        - Ta now has a relatively high hourly rate fir "oart-time= work
        - Es is very nicely engaged and we might be able to "streamline" the payment process.
      - try making a block io9nto a separate file - but do that sooner
    - link to Dg: ( Deb: - since .De: is germany ) topics that are related and can then be expanded better in that environment.
      - these might produce documentation stubs that can the be gateways ti repositories that are:
        - more efficient
        - more secure ( restricted access / permissions )
          - TwLinks may be a step towards security since the linkages could only be easily available via Tw or Dg: ( Di: ) bookmarks
- Df will propose a direct API link for Cc
    - This will effectively Fork the dataflows and will increase the need for Automated procedures to be launched in each of the environments.
      - at the very least, this warrants some experimentation
      -   start defining the Evaluation critirea

 
## 2024 quickLinks
- Privacy and Promises ( PaP ) are going tp be a major issue even for AdManOn
  - LsH to plan for this
    - share access to the various systems that are plart of the emerging environment
      - start with the CurbSide versions that contain the new/t. reports
        - demo howTo use the Project views
          - consider Eric's new image tool - Who could best populate that?
            - Ajo might be able to help build an example of the documentation that could then be tested by Penny
  - suggest Penny and I do a call
    - and a meeting now that I know more about travel
  - more ...shared folders will be needed
    - rely on Lz for this initial work
  - re-emphasize: ...Tt ...Tn ...Tp for the development of the RmT tiles
    - try building these with Gartha
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#civicatlasql

- StyleH tests:

  ## StyleTest(s): ...
  - start with the CurbSide style support
  - this shows ...
    - further indentation potential
      - it may be time to RtM for this flavor of MarkDown (mermaid?)

### Modify these qLinks to terminate / Audience
...
  - test with LsH - perhaps as early as a meToDrive Teams session
    - is it possible to link&jump to the Provest views?

#### confirm how deep these headings can go
...

- ideally the limit will be the standard H6

##### H5
...

###### H6
H6 level support allows me to start naming blocks as Anchors that I can then jump to from other locations.

- This should lead to easier creation of other stand-alone files.

. https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip/blob/main/README.md#tt
  - return to top

<hr>

## 2023 quickLinks
- https://github.com/Data-Integrity-Group/Wip#civicatlas
  - these QLs can span repos in order to rationalize relative Priorities
    - this shouild work even with a mix of Private repos [ test this ]

### Now, these quickLinks are for the convenience of the Author(s).  

* PR - with an attached file
  * try using MailFail as a learning/focus Project with CivicAtlas
    * invested Public data like Municipal Addresses should be capable of forming Aliases to LaLoAl strings
      * it may even be effective to encode these as short-URLs that can then be incorporated into QrCodes

* Gist or Profile is a fundamental initial choice
  * https://gist.github.com/HwWobbe

* Dig should be a subset of AdManCa  (Division) of CSI (for now)


* consider the value of having at least one PR ( and Comments ) for each repo
  * try using a Branch more effectively
  * this could be a scheduling aid
* ㋀㋁㋂㋃㋄㋅㋆㋇㋈㋉㋊㋋ extend with the .ye values
  * consider the implications of the external "divisions" distinctions made by Empire
    * how would these be integrated into our (merged) Notice To Reader statements?
      * what are the Tax implications?
        * a 50%+ position should still allow for consolidated statements
   * how is this impactefd by the Amalgamation
     * ... 

* reverse the drift away from the API focus.
  * this could lead to a refactoring/restructuring

* create a private repo to test access permissions further

<hr>

## CivicAtlasQl
* this topic is growing to a size that warrants a new file
  * where?
* Civic Atlas may provide information that can be used to assess internal Referential Integrity
  * this could lead to the development of a Trust for specific, large transactions
    * consider the use of floor limits (prior to debit cards) in Merchant Credit Card processing
      * this may fit well into a new AppContext combining YotiD and CivicAtlasD
        * ...rveiew DataGraph > KnowledgeGraph > InformationGraph
  * consider re-purposing this repo for use with CivicAtlas
    * a joint use for CivivAtlas and GeoSpatial TW could be beneficial
      * separate repos will eventually be needed.
        * TW documentation contributions are a logical first step.
    * CivicAtlas (CA & Ca) provides extensive APIs
      * assess this capability in joint contexts (perhaps with Cities)
    * this may lead to a free-minum model
    * initially this could include DPL & JCL and Jeremy
      * check with CivicAtlass about their uses of GIT
   * Ls may see this as a step towrds MailFail - thiat might advance c-suite goals - in AdManCa
     * this may, at least, result in prototypes of Management / Board  interactions
  * Consider this as a DueDiligence exercise shared by Buyer & Seller.

* try to integrate the RstT VeryTrue concepts
  * let Rst know when this is done


## enhancement considerations
...

* consider the use of alternate media types
  * perhaps PDFs
* Produce a rendered version of GitHub content that can be distributed
  * review the particular advantages of ...md files
    * consider the capabilities of various .md dialects
      * tw compatibility would be an advantage
        * Style compromizes for "simplest", common may be posible

* Try to produce a rendered version of GitHub content that can be distributed
  * this may be as simple as a CutAndPaste of the View version
    * verify that the GitHub Wikis still allow a choice of Markup
      * could this be used as part of a Render/Edit Rinse/Repeat loop?

* Can GitHub outputs be
  * rendered as PDFs?
  * saved as Word docs that can be processed further by others?
    * AI styling should reduce the need for realAssistants
      * perhaps there is a need for a higher priority DevTools task?
        * such a re-structuring may also help with shared MicroContent
       
* experiment with:
  * the 'Code' sidebar control
  * also Edit , Preview , ...
* add the other headersH sections that are now standard
* [gitGocs/Start](https://docs.github.com/en/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax)
* extend PR capabilities
  * ...
* https://giscus.app/

* how should folders be added to a repo?
  * ...


# APIdevelopmentConsiderations
* ...

## A tentative start at creating an API infrastructure

* this will likely have to be a rest-ful API
* start crafting the API collaboration infrastructure
  * caution collaborators that this infrastructue will always be ported on-shore and cannot have access to production DefData
    * 3rd party testing will be mandatory
* multiple, small PlusCode developments should be encouraged.

* link to the new ... page

### Wip
#### start by:

* exploring & introducing
  * ChatApi plugins
  * Notion and Slack
* initially, focus on Notion
* Can Slack be wrapped in Notion or vice-versa?

* A Public W(ork) i(n) p(rogress) that is being slowly bootstrapped.
  * the fact that this is a public repository suggests that there could also be a Public Slack channel for AdManCa
    * should AdManCa and DigCa be kept separated?
  * seemed to work, so further enhancements will be transferrd into this environment as the finish their Private test cycles


* -08-21: resuming this PR test
  * the `Create new branch and start PR' option appeared as ...-patch-1 after a first edit.

* ㋀㋁㋂㋃㋄㋅㋆㋇㋈㋉㋊㋋ extend with the .ye values
